Before we work on the styling, let me add one note on how we navigate it to the root folder in shop.js
and admin.js.
For one you could just use dot dot here instead of dot dot slash and this would be preferable
even though both should work on Windows and Mac because now we make no assumption about the separator
we're using when constructing a path.
So with this, if I go back and I now go to just admin add product here, it still works
but now we get a cleaner way of doing this
but there is an even nicer way we could implement this.
We could also get the parent directory with the help of a little helper function.
For this I'll create a new folder here, helpers or util,
I'll go with util, you can name it however you want
and there I'll add my path.js file
and it doesn't matter that this clashes with the global module because we'll import it differently
anyways. Now there, I'll add an export with module exports and I want to export a little function that
helps me construct a path to the parent directory or not a real function, instead a
variable I should say. First of all here, I'll import the path with require path as we did it before and
then I will use a different function here, not join
but dir name. Dir name as you can see in their quick help on the right here returns the directory
name of a path,
so this sounds pretty useful, if we use that we just have to find out which directory or for which file
we want to get the directory name.
Well there we can use the global process variable,
that is also a variable that is available in all files,
you don't need to import it
and there you will have a main module property.
This will refer to the main, well module that started your application,
so basically to the module we created here in app.js and now we can call file name to find out in
which file this module was spun up.
So put in other words, this gives us the path to the file that is responsible for the fact that our application
is running and this file name is what we put into dir name to get a path to that directory.
With this we can import from this file, here
I'll add my own import separated from the other ones simply to make it easier to identify and I'll name
this root
dir,
the name is totally up to you but I will require this from going up one level into util and then path
and this root directory is in the end
what I want to inject here. So root directory is what I'll start with
when creating this path.
And now let's try reloading this page here and it still works and it should still work because now we're
in the end having a pretty neat way of constructing a path to our root directory.
I'll do the same in shop.js,
import root dir from the util folder and the path file in there and replace dir name dot dot with root dir.
Again
you could have totally sticked to the old approach but this one is a even cleaner one and one that should
be pretty straightforward to use and that should work on all operating systems and it always gives you
well the path to the root file.
With that, let's move on to the styling.